AAP-17700: Updates to Builder documentation (#957)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/builder/con-container_file.adoc

= Containerfile

> Once your definition file is created, {Builder} reads and validates it, creates a `Containerfile` and container build context, and optionally passes these to Podman to build your {ExecEnvNameSing} image. The container build occurs in several distinct stages: `base` , `galaxy`, `builder`, and `final`. The image build steps (along with any corresponding custom `prepend_` and `append_` steps defined in `additional_build_steps`) are:

Reviewer: Suggest changing "Once" to "After". According to Style Guide: Use once only to mean "one time". Do not use as a conjunction to mean "after" or "when".

= Containerfile

> Once your definition file is created, {Builder} reads and validates it, creates a `Containerfile`, and finally passes the `Containerfile` to Podman to package and create your automation execution environment image using the following instructions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your definition file is created, {Builder} reads and validates it, creates a `Containerfile` and container build context, and optionally passes these to Podman to build your automation execution environment image. The container build occurs in several distinct stages: `base` , `galaxy`, `builder`, and `final`. The image build steps (along with any corresponding custom `prepend_` and `append_` steps defined in `additional_build_steps` are:
```

. Fetch base image.
. In the ephemeral copy of base image, collections are downloaded and the list of declared Python and system dependencies, if any, are collected for later.

> . In the ephemeral builder image, Python wheels for all Python dependencies listed in the definition file are downloaded and built (as needed), including all Python dependencies declared by collections listed in the definition file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. During the `builder` build stage, Python dependencies declared by collections are merged with those listed in the definition file. This final set of Python dependencies is downloaded and built as Python wheels and stored for later installation during the `final` build stage.
```

> . In the final {ExecEnvName} image, system dependencies listed in the definition file are installed, including all system dependencies declared by collections listed in the definition file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. During the `final` build stage, the previously-downloaded collections are installed, along with system packages and any previously-built Python packages that were declared as dependencies by the collections or listed in the definition file.
```

> . In the final {ExecEnvName} image, the downloaded collections are copied and the previously fetched Python dependencies are installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> . Meanwhile, at each of the build stages above, any `prepend_` commands defined for `additional_build_steps` from the definition file are run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
